/**
 * For normal Comment Blocks remove second star here at the top or add more than 2 stars.
 *
 * =============================================================================================== *
 * @Author           : RaptorX   <graptorx@gmail.com>
 * @Script Name      : Autohotkey Highlight Test
 * @Script Version   : beta
 * @Homepage         : http://www.autohotkey.com/board/topic/85928-wrapper-scintilla-wrapper-v1424/
 *
 * @Creation Date    : October 29, 2012
 * @Modification Date: April 18, 2013
 *
 * @Description      :
 * -------------------
 * This is a small Test file which will check for all Autohotkey Syntax highlighting.
 * There are some features added to this lexer which are not part of the autohotkey language but
 * because they are useful and dont interfere with the script I added them.
 *
 * One such examples is the @[keyword]: secuence in which any word preceded by an [At] Symbol
 * and Followed by a [colon] symbol inside a comment block will be highlighted. Useful when adding
 * titles as shown above.
 *
 * =============================================================================================== *
 */

; this is a group of line comments
; if 3 or more line commnents are together
; it should be foldable

/**
 * @Decimal Numbers:
 * Variable names will not highlight numbers
 * but they will be highlighted correctly when typing options.
 *
 */ 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
    var1 var2 x10 y10
    gui, add, edit, x10 y20 w100 h200

/**
 * @Hex Numbers:
 * If not valid hex the whole string goes back to default.
 * If option is enabled you can have a different color every 4 digits for easy read.
 * The exeption is when having 6 digits. Only one color is used regardless of the above option.
 *
 */ 0x1122 0x112233 0x11221122 0x0123456789ABCDEF (0x00ffaa) (0x1A5E5B, 0x559EEF) 0xNotaHexNum

/**
 * @Labels:
 * It enters Error state after a label cause nothing else is allowed after it except for comments.
 * Almost anything is valid as a Label identifier but keep it simple and clear!
 *
 */ ValidLabel:
    Valid~!@#$^&*()_+;[]\'./<>?|{}-=":
    another_valid_label: there cant be anything else in this line ; exept for comments
    inva``lid:
    not,valid:
    no space allowed:


/**
 * @Hotkeys:
 *
 */ ^Enter::Send test
    #Backspace::Msgbox True
    !+NumpadEnter::var += var
    ~$a::Msgbox `% test + 5

/**
 * @Hotstrings:
 *
 */ ::btw::by the way
    :*?B0C1K5OP5RSISPSEZ:options::these are all acceptable options
    :ADFG:invOptions::these are invalid options
    :RAk5FeSIG*:MixOptions::and here is how it looks with some mixed options

/**
 * @Escape Sequences:
 * Only those characters that have a special meaning will be highlighted.
 *
 */ ``, ```% ```` ``; ``n ``r ``b ``t ``v ``a ``f ``s ``i ``]

/**
 * @Variables, Strings and Expressions:
 *
 */ literal = this is a literal string

    var = `%variable`% and text
    var := variable `%var_reference`%
    msgbox `%myvar`%
    msgbox `% "this is a forced expression in a command so: " var " and " `%varref`% "work as above"

    var1 := {one : "test"}
    exp2 := "this is an expression" var + var2 + 10 + 5 func(1, 2, "this is text", "and 5+5 = 10")
    exp3 .= this is also "an xpression"
    var4 ? true : "false"


    var["test"], var[12]
    object.property, object.Method()

    if var = text

    if (var = "text")

    var =
    `(

        this is a string block and because of that ; this is NOT a comment
	this is a `%variable`% reference
	and ``t that is the escape secuence for the tab

    `) Nothing else allowed here ; except for comments and paths

    FileAppend,
    `(`% `` Com

        another block of text but this time with some options
	in this example ; this IS a comment
	``t ``n ``t these escape sequences are literal now!
	and this percent sign `%variable`% is not a variable reference anymore!!

    `), c:\this is allowed.txt


/**
 * @Keywords:
 * This is a comprehensive list of all they keywords handled by the lexer at the moment
 * I recommend setting the commands and the special parameters to the same color to avoid
 * some parameters being highlighted as commands because both use the same keyword.
 *
 * I will fix that at some point. For now just keep them the same color and you will be fine.
 *
 */

/**
 * @Directives:
 *
 */

#allowsamelinecomments #clipboardtimeout #commentflag #errorstdout #escapechar #hotkeyinterval
#hotkeymodifiertimeout #hotstring #if #iftimeout #ifwinactive #ifwinexist #include #includeagain
#installkeybdhook #installmousehook #keyhistory #ltrim #maxhotkeysperinterval #maxmem #maxthreads
#maxthreadsbuffer #maxthreadsperhotkey #menumaskkey #noenv #notrayicon #persistent #singleinstance
#usehook #warn #winactivateforce

/**
 * @Commands:
 *
 */

autotrim blockinput clipwait control controlclick controlfocus controlget controlgetfocus
controlgetpos controlgettext controlmove controlsend controlsendraw controlsettext coordmode
critical detecthiddentext detecthiddenwindows drive driveget drivespacefree edit endrepeat envadd
envdiv envget envmult envset envsub envupdate fileappend filecopy filecopydir filecreatedir
filecreateshortcut filedelete filegetattrib filegetshortcut filegetsize filegettime filegetversion
fileinstall filemove filemovedir fileread filereadline filerecycle filerecycleempty fileremovedir
fileselectfile fileselectfolder filesetattrib filesettime formattime getkeystate groupactivate
groupadd groupclose groupdeactivate gui guicontrol guicontrolget hideautoitwin hotkey if ifequal
ifexist ifgreater ifgreaterorequal ifinstring ifless iflessorequal ifmsgbox ifnotequal ifnotexist
ifnotinstring ifwinactive ifwinexist ifwinnotactive ifwinnotexist imagesearch inidelete iniread
iniwrite input inputbox keyhistory keywait listhotkeys listlines listvars menu mouseclick
mouseclickdrag mousegetpos mousemove msgbox outputdebug pixelgetcolor pixelsearch postmessage
process progress random regdelete regread regwrite reload run runas runwait send sendevent
sendinput sendmessage sendmode sendplay sendraw setbatchlines setcapslockstate setcontroldelay
setdefaultmousespeed setenv setformat setkeydelay setmousedelay setnumlockstate setscrolllockstate
setstorecapslockmode settitlematchmode setwindelay setworkingdir shutdown sort soundbeep soundget
soundgetwavevolume soundplay soundset soundsetwavevolume splashimage splashtextoff splashtexton
splitpath statusbargettext statusbarwait stringcasesense stringgetpos stringleft stringlen
stringlower stringmid stringreplace stringright stringsplit stringtrimleft stringtrimright
stringupper sysget thread tooltip transform traytip urldownloadtofile winactivate winactivatebottom
winclose winget wingetactivestats wingetactivetitle wingetclass wingetpos wingettext wingettitle
winhide winkill winmaximize winmenuselectitem winminimize winminimizeall winminimizeallundo winmove
winrestore winset winsettitle winshow winwait winwaitactive winwaitclose winwaitnotactive
fileencoding

/**
 * @Command Parameters:
 * These guys only highlight after a Directive, Command or Function.
 * Later on I will make them be command specific e.g. Msgbox wont highlight "ahk_id" because
 * it doesnt take it, but for now they would highlight after any of the mentioned above.
 *
 * @Note:
 * The "abs(" functions below are just for demostration to force the highlight.
 * They wouldnt otherwise. And as i said any Command, Directive or Function allows this
 * for the moment.
 *
 */

abs(ltrim rtrim join ahk_id ahk_pid ahk_class ahk_group processname minmax controllist statuscd
abs(filesystem setlabel alwaysontop mainwindow nomainwindow useerrorlevel altsubmit hscroll vscroll
abs(imagelist wantctrla wantf2 vis visfirst wantreturn backgroundtrans minimizebox maximizebox
abs(sysmenu toolwindow exstyle check3 checkedgray readonly notab lastfound lastfoundexist alttab
abs(shiftalttab alttabmenu alttabandmenu alttabmenudismiss controllisthwnd hwnd deref pow bitnot
abs(bitand bitor bitxor bitshiftleft bitshiftright sendandmouse mousemove mousemoveoff
abs(hkey_local_machine hkey_users hkey_current_user hkey_classes_root hkey_current_config hklm hku
abs(hkcu hkcr hkcc reg_sz reg_expand_sz reg_multi_sz reg_dword reg_qword reg_binary reg_link
abs(reg_resource_list reg_full_resource_descriptor caret reg_resource_requirements_list
abs(reg_dword_big_endian regex pixel mouse screen relative rgb low belownormal normal abovenormal
abs(high realtime between contains in is integer float number digit xdigit alpha upper lower alnum
abs(time date not or and topmost top bottom transparent transcolor redraw region id idlast count
abs(list capacity eject lock unlock label serial type status seconds minutes hours days read parse
abs(logoff close error single shutdown menu exit reload tray add rename check uncheck togglecheck
abs(enable disable toggleenable default nodefault standard nostandard color delete deleteall icon
abs(noicon tip click show edit progress hotkey text picture pic groupbox button checkbox radio
abs(dropdownlist ddl combobox statusbar treeview listbox listview datetime monthcal updown slider
abs(tab tab2 iconsmall tile report sortdesc nosort nosorthdr grid hdr autosize range xm ym ys xs xp
abs(yp font resize owner submit nohide minimize maximize restore noactivate na cancel destroy
abs(center margin owndialogs guiescape guiclose guisize guicontextmenu guidropfiles tabstop section
abs(wrap border top bottom buttons expand first lines number uppercase lowercase limit password
abs(multi group background bold italic strike underline norm theme caption delimiter flash style
abs(checked password hidden left right center section move focus hide choose choosestring text pos
abs(enabled disabled visible notimers interrupt priority waitclose unicode tocodepage fromcodepage
abs(yes no ok cancel abort retry ignore force on off all send wanttab monitorcount monitorprimary
abs(monitorname monitorworkarea pid base useunsetlocal useunsetglobal localsameasglobal

/**
 * @Control Flow:
 *
 */

break continue else exit exitapp gosub goto loop onexit pause repeat return settimer sleep
suspend static global local byref while until for

/**
 * @Functions:
 *
 */

abs() acos() asc() asin() atan() ceil() chr() cos() dllcall() exp() fileexist() floor()
getkeystate() numget() numput() registercallback() il_add() il_create() il_destroy() instr()
islabel() isfunc() ln() log() lv_add() lv_delete() lv_deletecol() lv_getcount() lv_getnext()
lv_gettext() lv_insert() lv_insertcol() lv_modify() lv_modifycol() lv_setimagelist() mod()
onmessage() round() regexmatch() regexreplace() sb_seticon() sb_setparts() sb_settext() sin()
sqrt() strlen() substr() tan() tv_add() tv_delete() tv_getchild() tv_getcount() tv_getnext()
tv_get() tv_getparent() tv_getprev() tv_getselection() tv_gettext() tv_modify() varsetcapacity()
winactive() winexist() trim() ltrim() rtrim() fileopen() strget() strput() object() isobject()
objinsert() objremove() objminindex() objmaxindex() objsetcapacity() objgetcapacity()
objgetaddress() objnewenum() objaddref() objrelease() objclone() _insert() _remove() _minindex()
_maxindex() _setcapacity() _getcapacity() _getaddress() _newenum() _addref() _release() _clone()
comobjcreate() comobjget() comobjconnect() comobjerror() comobjactive() comobjenwrap()
comobjunwrap() comobjparameter() comobjmissing() comobjtype() comobjvalue() comobjarray()

/**
 * @Built-In Variables:
 *
 */

a_ahkpath a_ahkversion a_appdata a_appdatacommon a_autotrim a_batchlines a_caretx a_carety
a_computername a_controldelay a_cursor a_dd a_ddd a_dddd a_defaultmousespeed a_desktop
a_desktopcommon a_detecthiddentext a_detecthiddenwindows a_endchar a_eventinfo a_exitreason
a_formatfloat a_formatinteger a_gui a_guievent a_guicontrol a_guicontrolevent a_guiheight
a_guiwidth a_guix a_guiy a_hour a_iconfile a_iconhidden a_iconnumber a_icontip a_index a_ipaddress1
a_ipaddress2 a_ipaddress3 a_ipaddress4 a_isadmin a_iscompiled a_issuspended a_keydelay a_language
a_lasterror a_linefile a_linenumber a_loopfield a_loopfileattrib a_loopfiledir a_loopfileext
a_loopfilefullpath a_loopfilelongpath a_loopfilename a_loopfileshortname a_loopfileshortpath
a_loopfilesize a_loopfilesizekb a_loopfilesizemb a_loopfiletimeaccessed a_loopfiletimecreated
a_loopfiletimemodified a_loopreadline a_loopregkey a_loopregname a_loopregsubkey
a_loopregtimemodified a_loopregtype a_mday a_min a_mm a_mmm a_mmmm a_mon a_mousedelay a_msec
a_mydocuments a_now a_nowutc a_numbatchlines a_ostype a_osversion a_priorhotkey a_programfiles
a_programs a_programscommon a_screenheight a_screenwidth a_scriptdir a_scriptfullpath a_scriptname
a_sec a_space a_startmenu a_startmenucommon a_startup a_startupcommon a_stringcasesense a_tab a_temp
a_thishotkey a_thismenu a_thismenuitem a_thismenuitempos a_tickcount a_timeidle a_timeidlephysical
a_timesincepriorhotkey a_timesincethishotkey a_titlematchmode a_titlematchmodespeed a_username
a_wday a_windelay a_windir a_workingdir a_yday a_year a_yweek a_yyyy clipboard clipboardall comspec
programfiles a_thisfunc a_thislabel a_ispaused a_iscritical a_isunicode a_ptrsize errorlevel
true false

/**
 * @Keys:
 *
 */

{shift} {lshift} {rshift} {alt} {lalt} {ralt} {control} {lcontrol} {rcontrol} {ctrl} {lctrl} {rctrl}
{lwin} {rwin} {appskey} {altdown} {altup} {shiftdown} {shiftup} {ctrldown} {ctrlup} {lwindown}
{lwinup} {rwindown} {rwinup} {lbutton} {rbutton} {mbutton} {wheelup} {wheeldown} {xbutton1}
{xbutton2} {joy1} {joy2} {joy3} {joy4} {joy5} {joy6} {joy7} {joy8} {joy9} {joy10} {joy11} {joy12}
{joy13} {joy14} {joy15} {joy16} {joy17} {joy18} {joy19} {joy20} {joy21} {joy22} {joy23} {joy24}
{joy25} {joy26} {joy27} {joy28} {joy29} {joy30} {joy31} {joy32} {joyx} {joyy} {joyz} {joyr} {joyu}
{joyv} {joypov} {joyname} {joybuttons} {joyaxes} {joyinfo} {space} {tab} {enter} {escape} {esc}
{backspace} {bs} {delete} {del} {insert} {ins} {pgup} {pgdn} {home} {end} {up} {down} {left} {right}
{printscreen} {ctrlbreak} {pause} {scrolllock} {capslock} {numlock} {numpad0} {numpad1} {numpad2}
{numpad3} {numpad4} {numpad5} {numpad6} {numpad7} {numpad8} {numpad9} {numpadmult} {numpadadd}
{numpadsub} {numpaddiv} {numpaddot} {numpaddel} {numpadins} {numpadclear} {numpadup} {numpaddown}
{numpadleft} {numpadright} {numpadhome} {numpadend} {numpadpgup} {numpadpgdn} {numpadenter}
{f1} {f2} {f3} {f4} {f5} {f6} {f7} {f8} {f9} {f10} {f11} {f12} {f13} {f14} {f15} {f16} {f17} {f18}
{f19} {f20} {f21} {f22} {f23} {f24} {browser_back} {browser_forward} {browser_refresh}
{browser_stop} {browser_search} {browser_favorites} {browser_home} {volume_mute} {volume_down}
{volume_up} {media_next} {media_prev} {media_stop} {media_play_pause} {launch_mail} {launch_media}
{launch_app1} {launch_app2} {blind} {click} {raw} {wheelleft} {wheelright}